Improvements to about.md in arithmetic-operators (#1674)
exercism/javascript: concepts/numbers/about.md

The `bigint` type is not designed to replace the `number` type for everyday uses.
`42` is still a `Number`, not a `BigInt`.

## Special Notations

There are two types of notations:
- Exponential notation(E-notation)

> - Underscore notation

Reviewer: This section can be removed, it is fine to just have the two sections below without introduction text.

> ### Exponential notation

Reviewer: Headers should be capitalized (besides words like `the` etc., I usually use a tool like this https://capitalizemytitle.com/ if there is a longer header).

The E-notation indicates a number that should be multiplied by 10 raised to a given power.
The format of E-notation is to have a number, followed by `e` or `E`, than by the power of 10 to multiply by.
```javascript

> num = 3.125e7; // Equals to 31250000
> // The notation essentially says, "Take 3.125 and multiply it by 10^7.

Reviewer: * `const` is missing (we always try to provide code examples that follow the recommendations how you should usually write the code, even if it would work otherwise, also we always use `const` if `let` is not required because of a re-assignment)
* You can use `// =>` to demonstrate the result of an expression, like you would see it in a REPL.
* There is a quote missing at the end.

This is how it should look like, you can then apply it for other examples where needed.

```suggestion
const num = 3.125e7;
// => 31250000
// The notation essentially says, "Take 3.125 and multiply it by 10^7".
```

```
E-notation can also be used to represent very small numbers:
```javascript
num = 325987e-6; // Equals to 0. 325987
// The notation essentially says, "Take 325987 and multiply it by 10^-6.
```

### Underscore notation

> The underscore notaion is used to make lage numbers easier to read to the user. (The compiler will ignore the underscores)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Underscores can be used to make large numbers easier to read for the user. The compiler will completely ignore the underscores.
```

```javascript
let num = 1_000_000; // You can read this as 1,000,000
console.log(num) // => 1000000
```

> Numbers may also be expressed in literal forms like `0b101`, `0o13`, `0x0A`. Learn more on numeric lexical grammar [here][lexical-grammar].

Reviewer: This line should be above the "Special Notations" header. Currently it reads like these belong to the underscore notation section.

Numbers may also be expressed in literal forms like `0b101`, `0o13`, `0x0A`. Learn more on numeric lexical grammar [here][lexical-grammar].

## Special Notations

### Exponential Notation

The E-notation indicates a number that should be multiplied by 10 raised to a given power.
The format of E-notation is to have a number, followed by `e` or `E`, than by the power of 10 to multiply by.

```javascript
const num = 3.125e7;
// => 31250000
// The notation essentially says, "Take 3.125 and multiply it by 10^7".
```

E-notation can also be used to represent very small numbers:

```javascript
const num = 325987e-6; // Equals to 0. 325987
// The notation essentially says, "Take 325987 and multiply it by 10^-6.
```

### Underscore Notation

Underscores can be used to make large numbers easier to read for the user. The compiler will completely ignore the underscores.

```javascript

> let num = 1_000_000; // You can read this as 1,000,000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const num = 1_000_000; // You can read this as 1,000,000
```

> console.log(num); // => 1000000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log(num);
// => 1000000
```

> console.log(num); // => 1000000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log(num);
// => 1000000
```

Merely for consistency with the other example earlier.

Because of how numbers in JavaScript are implemented, **not** every number between `Number.MIN_VALUE` and `Number.MAX_VALUE` can be represented.
However, _every_ number between `Number.MIN_SAFE_INTEGER - 1` and `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER + 1` **can** be represented.

## Special Numbers Values

JavaScript has several special number values:
- Two error values, `NaN` and `Infinity`.
- Two values for zero, `+0` and `-0`.

> ### NaN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### NaN - Not a Number
```

> The error value `NaN`(aka "Not a Number"), is produced when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error value `NaN`(aka "Not a Number") is produced in the following cases.
```

- A number could not be parsed:
  ```javascript
  Number("123"); // => 123
  Number("Hello, World!"); // => NaN
  ```
- An operation failed:
  ```javascript
  Math.sqrt(-64); // => NaN
  ```
- One of the operands is NaN:
  ```javascript
  NaN + 69; // => NaN
  ```

`NaN` is the only value that is not equal to itself:
```javascript
 NaN === NaN; // => false
```

If you want to check whether a value is `NaN`, you have to use the global function `isNaN()`:
```javascript
isNaN(NaN); // => true
isNaN(123); // => false
```

### Infinity
`Infinity` is an error value indicating one of two problems: 

> - A number can’t be represented because its magnitude is too large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A number can't be represented because its magnitude is too large.
```

  ```javascript
  Math.pow(2, 1024); // => Infinity
  ```
- A division by zero has happened.
  ```javascript
  6 / 0; // => Infinity
  -6 / 0; // => -Infinity
  ```

 `Infinity` is larger than any other number (except `NaN`). 
 Similarly, `-Infinity` is smaller than any other number (except `NaN`)

>  Additionally, the global function `sFinite()`allows you to check whether a value is an actual number (neither infinite nor NaN):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global function `isFinite()` allows you to check whether a value is an actual number (neither infinite nor `NaN`):
```

 ```javascript
 isFinite(80085); // => true
 isFinite(Infinity); // => false
 isFinite(NaN); // => false
 ```

### The two zeros

> `+0` or `-0` can be produced if you represented a number, that is so small that it is indistinguishable from 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`+0` or `-0` are distinct numbers in JavaScript. They can be produced if you represented a number, that is so small that it is indistinguishable from 0.
```
